Config setting to disable auto-registration of entities (#2490)
thin-edge/thin-edge.io: docs/src/references/mappers/c8y-mapper.md

The entities can be registered either explicitly, or implicitly,
depending on the auto-registration mode set with `c8y.entity_store.auto_register`.

To register an entity explicitly, an entity registration message has to be sent.

But, if the auto-registration is enabled, sending any data message on a topic following the default topic scheme (`te/device/<device-id>/service/<service-id>/...`),
results in the auto-registration of that target entity.
	
For example, sending a measurement message to `te/device/child1///m/temperature`,
will result in the auto-registration of the entity with topic id: `device/child1//` and the auto-generated external id: `<main-device-id>:device:child1`, derived from the topic id.
Similarly, a measurement message on `te/device/child1/service/my-service/m/temperature`,
results in the auto-registration of both the device entity: `device/child1//` and the service entity: `device/child1/service/my-service` with their respective auto-generated external IDs, in that order.

The auto-registration can be disabled/enabled using the `tedge config` command as follows:

```sh
sudo tedge config set c8y.entity_store.auto_register false
```
:::note

> When the auto registration is disabled, and if the device is not already registered.
> Then the c8y-mapper will not forward the incoming telemetry/health-status messages to the c8y cloud.
> But, logs/publishes an error message on the `te/errors` topic telling the entity is not registered.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the auto registration is disabled, and if the device is not explicitly registered,
then the c8y-mapper will just ignore all the data messages received from that device,
logging that error message on the `te/errors` topic telling the entity is not registered.
```
Reasons for rewording: 
1. The first sentence was ending abruptly
2. The messages are not limited to telemetry and health-status messages.

Inventory data updates for the main device are handled differently.
:::

## Auto Registration of Entities

To send the telemetry/health status message to an entity, the entity has to be registered first. The entities can be registered either explicitly,

> or implicitly.

Author: done

> To register an entity explicitly, an entity registration message has to be sent.
> 
> To auto-register an entity, an explicit registration message is not required,
> but a first telemetry/health-status message that is sent on the default topic scheme (te/device/device-id/service/service-id),
> will be used to register the entity by the `c8y-mapper` and then forward the telemetry/health-status message.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To register an entity explicitly, an entity registration message has to be sent.
But, if the auto-registration is enabled, sending any data message on a topic following the default topic scheme (`te/device/<device-id>/service/<service-id>/...`),
results in the auto-registration of that target entity.

For example, sending a measurement message to `te/device/child1///m/temperature`,
will result in the auto-registration of the entity with topic id: `device/child1//` and external id: `<main-device-id>:device:child1`.
Similarly, a measurement message on `te/device/child1/service/my-service/m/temperature`,
results in the auto-registration of both the device entity: `device/child1//` and the service entity: `device/child1/service/my-service` with their respective external IDs, in that order.
```

Author: done

> The auto-registration can be enabled/disabled using the `tedge` tool.
> 
> The auto-registration can be disabled as below

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The auto-registration can be disabled/enabled using the `tedge config` command as follows:
```

```sh
sudo tedge config set c8y.entity_store.auto_register false
```
:::note
When the auto registration is disabled, and if the device is not already registered.
Then the c8y-mapper will not forward the incoming telemetry/health-status messages to the c8y cloud.
But, logs/publishes an error message on the `te/errors` topic telling the entity is not registered.
:::

> The auto-registration can be enabled as below
> 
> ```sh
> sudo tedge config set c8y.entity_store.auto_register true
> ```
> Or
> 
> ```sh
> sudo tedge config unset c8y.entity_store.auto_register
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
I'd just drop that to reduce the verbosity, as the previous example is clear enough. Especially since it is just a boolean value with only two possible values.

Reviewer 2: Okay, the default is `true`.

> :::note

Reviewer: I'd move this note immediately after the config setting example. It can even be merged with the previous comment, but as the very first statement.
